# Money-management-using-voice-commands
In this project we developed a hybrid mobile app (ios and android) to automate money management of users. It also supports voice commands using Google assistant

In general, very few people pre-plan their spending according to a thoroughly detailed budget, this mainly, might be, due to the cumbersomeness of the task at hand, meaning that it wastes precious time that could have been better invested elsewhere, makes it necessary for a person to always have a pen, paper, and calculator at hand, and involves a lot of scratching and rewriting, which would require keeping track of countless sheets of paper and make things very messy. Our team believes that modern problems need modern solutions, the days of paper and pen are gone; we need to make use of the available technological advancement to solve this problem. Therefore, we decide to develop a mobile application that completes this task in an easy, automated, and time efficient way. We know that many software was already developed to target this problem, but our application stands out by providing the ability to use voice commands, this is in addition to the simplicity that directly addresses what the user needs. 
As a result, we developed Thrifty; a mobile money management application that can be accessed through voice commands. The user should specify the category name and the wallet which, is the budget in our case, then the app makes sure that the user stays within the limit of his/her budget by showing graphs and sending notifications. Furthermore, users can keep track of purchase logs (time, price, and wallet purchased from). This is achieved through displaying the logs of a specific day (chosen by user) in the app.

Full documentation and screenshots available in spmp
